hello and welcome to my kitchen I'm
ready today I am making chana masala or
tea please carry it also known as solely
or garbanzo bean curry it is a very
popular dish you can have it with any
kind of rice dishes or any kind of bread
so let's take a look for the ingredients
to make this Jenna masala I have two
cups of boiled chickpeas or the garbanzo
beans to medium size of tomatoes 1 tbsp
ginger chopped 1 green chilli chopped 3
to 4 tbsp of oil 2 inches of hink 1
teaspoon of cumin seeds 224 cardamom
pods two to five buildings 2 TSP of
coriander powder half teaspoon of
turmeric powder half tsp of red chilli
powder salt to taste 2 tablespoon of
chopped green coriander leaves and
chopped tomatoes or onions to God I just
turned on the heat and power add the oil
into the pan
and let it heat I took about one cup of
dried chickpeas and soaked overnight and
after that I just boiled it into the
salty water I end I just made the tomato
puree and I added the ginger and that
green chili when i made the fury and I
think now their oil is hot enough so i
will check the oil is hot enough or not
just to add the two or four cumin seeds
and now the oil is hot enough so I'll
add the cumin seeds in their meaning
and I will just open the cardamom pods
and add in there in the bay leaves and
now i will add turmeric powder coriander
powder
in red chilli powder
now i will add
now I'll let it cook for about two
minutes and now you see the executors
need the oil it means it's almost
and now i will add the boiled garbanzo
anger and use it well and now i will add
little bit of salt in there i already
bought the garbanzo beans into the salty
water but still i added the little bit
more salt in there and now i will just
press some of the garbanzos on the sides
just to make it little bit clean just
some of them not all of them and now i
will just cover it and let it cook for
about five minutes on low heat and now
after five minutes I will check it's
really good distant and now i will add
the coriander leaves and i will save
some of the coriander leaves to garnish
and now I will turn off the heat and
cover it and let it stand for about two
to three minutes and now after two
minutes I will check how it is it looks
so young so beautiful you can see this
now I will serve this into the 7 ball
and now chana masala curry is ready to
eat some heart with police piratas or
the vetalas or any kind of rice dishes
enjoy it and thanks for watching see you
next time with the new recipe